chart: add chart files for helm-install (#254)
megaease/easegress: helm-charts/ingress-controller/README.md

> # easegress ingress-controller chart
> 
> Use for easegress ingress controller installation by helm on kubernetes.
> 
> ## usage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Easegress ingress controller chart

Helm charts for install Easegress ingress controller on Kubernetes.

## Usage
```
